DOCSP-31380 Migrate kafka docs (DO NOT MERGE) (#39)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/installation/install-kafka/install-docker.txt

.. _install-docker:

===================
Install with Docker
===================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

You can install Relational Migrator with Kafka using Docker. Relational Migrator 
with Kafka is intended for large migration jobs that normally require long run 

> times. The Docker installation method is ideal if you are using a containerized 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
times. The Docker installation method is ideal if you want a containerized 
```

Author: Done.
